[OSDOCS-17177]: CQA File Integrity Operator Docs (#114825)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/file-integrity-operator-installing-cli.adoc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ oc create -f <file_name>.yaml
```

Author: Done, thank you.

Reviewer: does that command really yield this file? skeptical

Author: I've not personally tested this, but I'd be glad to for a fixme list item.

Author: Added to https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OSDOCS-20757 , a simple thing to check!

[id="installing-file-integrity-operator-using-cli_{context}"]
= Installing the File Integrity Operator using the CLI

[role="_abstract"]

> Install the File Integrity Operator from the CLI by creating namespace, OperatorGroup, and Subscription objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the File Integrity Operator from the {oc-first} by creating `Namespace`, `OperatorGroup`, and `Subscription` objects.
```

Author: Done, thank you.

.Prerequisites

> * You must have `admin` privileges.

Reviewer: do you need to be logged in to the cluster? maybe another module for the fixme list

Author: Yes, login would be required. And agreed, another one for the fixme list.

Author: I've added this to https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OSDOCS-20757
